{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A20 Cruise Report\
CTD Watchstander\
Elena Perez\
\

\f1 The past 4 weeks at sea sailed by oooweee! From March 16  to April 16, 2021 I\'92ve learned many a valuable lesson while onboard the R/V Thompson for the A20 line of US GO-SHIP cruises. Most importantly, I learned that being a CTD watch
\f2\i stander
\f1\i0  does not mean we have to stand for 12 hours a day. In fact, most of our work was done sitting in the computer lab: monitoring CTD casts and talking with the winch operators. When we weren\'92t in the computer lab, we were usually in the staging bay. One of us would be helping sample salts/nitrates/pCO2. And the other person had to take on the tough duty of sample cop. Responsibilities of sample cop include: wrangling scientists into line, making sure there was enough water in the Niskin bottles for all of us, and prepping that there CTD for the next cast.\
\
Overall, this experience has given me valuable insights into field work of oceanography. As an incoming graduate student, it\'92s been great to observe with my own eyes the physics, biology, and chemistry of the oceans that I\'92ll likely be learning about this fall 2021 in classrooms. \
\
Beyond the science, I immensely enjoyed boat life (except when I was missing the creature comforts of life on land, e.g. dogs, good WiFi connection, etc.). I\'92ve listed below some of the best parts of boat life, in my opinion, in no particular order. \
1) The best stargazing I\'92ve ever beared witness to. When you\'92re 1,000+ miles from land with very very dark skies you\'92re bound to see the Milky Way, a few satellites, and a handful of shooting stars if you stay out long enough\
2) The sunrises everyday convinced me that night shift is way better than day shift. I\'92ve never seen so many sunrises in a row, and never seen a sunrise with 360\'ba views all around.\
3) Playing cribbage during downtime/when our shift was over. Cribbage is now the unofficial game of the R/V Thomas G. Thompson.\
4) Decorating and watching the deployment of 8 of the first-ever biogeochemical Argo floats.\
5) The bluest water I\'92ve ever seen. I loved sitting on the stern (or the bow, I\'92m not picky) and just watching the water and sargassum go by\
6) Emptying all the Niskin bottles after everyone is done sampling.\
7) All the birds. Although I haven\'92t seen an albatross yet :/ I might just have to go on another cruise so I can catch a glimpse of one of these legendary birds}