{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A total of 11 Sofar Ocean Technologies \'93Spotter\'94 drifters were deployed on this cruise (Table XXX). Co-chief scientist Andreas 
Thurnherr and Thompson marine technicians Elizabeth Ricci and Stephen Jalickee were in charge of the deployments. Additional assistance was provided by Stephanie O\'92Daly and the ABs on watch. The drifters were deployed by dropping them over the side with the vessel in motion. \
\
The following description of the drifter program has been provided by Sofar Ocean Technologies: 
\f1\i Sofar Ocean Technologies is deploying a global free-floating metocean sensor array which develops new assimilation strategies to improve global ocean weather forecast models. The network of Sofar buoys make observations of real-time ocean conditions including surface winds, waves and currents, and transmit the data back to shore through an integrated satellite connection. Sofar is working to expand its coverage in the Atlantic, Indian, and Southern Oceans by utilizing Ship of Opportunity partner groups, with all data from the globnal network publically available in real time through the Sofar Weather Dashboard. Data exports are also available to partner groups as part of our research grants program, either directly 
to deployment partners, or through our Climate Initiative. Sofar's work is funded in part by the US Office of Naval Research, which has sponsored several research projects including an upcoming effort to directly observe hurricane activity in the Atlantic in order to improve hurricane forecasting and operational tracking systems.
\f2\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}